Tainting nodes fail for Daemonsets (#91556)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/binding-infra-node-workloads-using-taints-tolerations.adoc

+
These examples place a taint on `node1` that has the `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra` key and the `NoSchedule` taint effect. Nodes with the `NoSchedule` effect schedule only pods that tolerate the taint, but allow existing pods to remain scheduled on the node. 
+

> If you added a `NoSchedule` taint to the infrastructure node, any pods that are controlled by a daemon set on that node are marked as `misscheduled`. You must either delete the pods or add a toleration to the pods as shown in the Red Hat Knowledgebase solution link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6592171[add toleration on `misscheduled` DNS pods]. Note that you cannot add a toleration to a daemon set object that is managed by an operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you added a `NoSchedule` taint to the infrastructure node, any pods that are controlled by a daemon set on that node are marked as `misscheduled`. You must either delete the pods or add a toleration to the pods, as shown in the Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase solution link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6592171[Openshift-dns daemonsets doesn't include toleration to run on nodes with taints]. You cannot add a toleration to a daemon set object that is managed by an Operator.
```
- Updated the link text to match the name of the solution
- Added {nbsp} between Red and Hat
- Removed the phrase "Note that", as typically, it isn't necessary. If you disagree, feel free to leave it. I had an editor mentor years ago who always ruthlessly cut that phrase out, so my PTSD doesn't allow me to not mention it.
- Capitalized "Operator", per the OCP docs guidelines (https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#operator)
